Improved queries for 2.0 release (#39)
MLH-Fellowship/FellowshipWrapup: schema.md

# Queries

> All queries must have a `secret` field in the request body with the correct key. 

Author: I guess that isn't in the codebase yet but for now that's just to stop random bots pinging the service and using up our calls to the API. After OAuth that will be changed to include the OAuth token

> If a field in the response is not set it will not be ommited, it will simply be empty.

Author: If for example I didn't have a location set my (simplified) JSON file might look like this if fields were omitted:
```json
{
    "User": {
        "Name": "Cathal O'Callaghan   
    }
}
```
Whereas as we have it, when a field is not set it is simply empty it would be :
```json
```
{
    "User": {
        "Name": "Cathal O'Callaghan   
        "Location": ""   
    }
}
```

In terms of parsing this, if it was omitted then the js would have to first check if the field was existing or it'd get an error if not handled right. With this the js can just can just print nothing to screen in the location text area if it's not set or text if it is

The easiest way to test the API is to use the `test.py` script or you can manually test endpoints using curl with a command such as:
```

> curl -v -X POST "http://localhost:8080/accountinfo/IamCathal" -d '{"secret":"secretText"}'

Author: OAuth isn't properly implemented yet so this isn't needed

```

___
## Account Information
#### `http://localhost:8080/accountinfo/username`
Get the public account details for a given user e.g username, bio etc.

```json
{
    "User": {
        "Name": "Cathal O'Callaghan",
        "AvatarUrl": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6561327?u=3746478b26e66ebe22eba9ba20097b477c455cc3&v=4",
        "Bio": "@MLH Fellowship Intern | CS&IT NUIG | Golang - Python - Javascript",
        "Company": "@MLH",
        "Location": "",
        "Url": "https://github.com/IamCathal",
        "WebsiteUrl": "https://iamcathal.github.io/",
        "TwitterUsername": ""
    }
}
```
___
## Issues Created
#### `http://localhost:8080/issuescreated/username`

Get a list of all issues created for a given user (can be open or closed at the time of retrieving).

```json
{
    "User": {
        "Issues": {
            "TotalCount": 11,
            "Nodes": [
                {
                    "Url": "https://github.com/ReqApp/Req/issues/4",
                    "CreatedAt": "2020-03-14T18:27:25Z",
                    "Closed": true
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

___
## Pull Requests

> #### `http://localhost:8080/pullrequestsImproved/username`

Author: Didn't take that out after testing yeah

Get a list of all pull requests made by a given user. Includes details such as timestamps, Urls, amount of deletions and insertions, amount of commits for the given PR and the main language of the repository.

```json
{
    "User": {
        "PullRequests": {
            "TotalCount": 15,
            "Nodes": [
                 {
                    "Url": "https://github.com/Korusuke/MLH-Fellow-Map/pull/6",
                    "Title": "Added IamCathal (myself)",
                    "CreatedAt": "2020-06-01T15:07:08Z",
                    "MergedAt": "2020-06-01T15:31:25Z",
                    "MergeCommit": {
                        "Additions": 9,
                        "Deletions": 0
                    },
                    "Commits": {
                        "TotalCount": 2
                    },
                    "Repository": {
                        "PrimaryLanguage": {
                            "Name": "TypeScript"
                        }
                    }
                },
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

___
## Open vs closed issues
#### `http://localhost:8080/openvsclosedissues/username`

> Get a list of all issues opened by the user. This query is meant to easily display the ratio of issues that have been opened and are currently still open vs ones that are currently closed.

Reviewer: Complete bikeshed, but I'd like this phrasing better

```suggestion
Get a list of all issues opened by the user. This query is meant to easily display the ratio of issues that have been opened and are still currently open vs those that are already closed.
```

```json
{
    "User": {
        "Issues": {
            "TotalCount": 11,
            "Nodes": [
                {
                    "State": "CLOSED"
                },
                {
                    "State": "OPEN"
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

___
## Merged vs non-merged pull requests
#### `http://localhost:8080/mergedvsnonmergedprs/username`

Get a list of all pull requests opened by the user which indicates how many PRs made by the user are currently open or merged

```json
{
    "User": {
        "PullRequests": {
            "TotalCount": 32,
            "Nodes": [
                {
                    "Merged": false
                },
                {
                    "Merged": true
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

___
## Repos contributed towards

> #### `http://localhost:8080/repocontribsimproved/username`

Author: Yeah that was a mistake

> Get a list of all repositories contributed to for a given user. Includes information such as Url, name and description of the repository along with stats such as forkcount, stargazers amount and primary language of the repository

Reviewer: Could you clarify what `amount` means in this context? Amount of stargazers or amount of repos contributed to?

Author: Done

```json
{
    "User": {
        "PullRequests": {
            "TotalCount": 14,
            "Nodes": [
                {
                    "Name": "beego",
                    "Description": "beego is an open-source, high-performance web framework for the Go programming language.",
                    "Url": "https://github.com/astaxie/beego",
                    "PrimaryLanguage": {
                        "Name": "Go"
                    },
                    "ForkCount": 4916,
                    "StarGazers": {
                        "TotalCount": 24595
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

___
## Pod Info
#### `http://localhost:8080/podinformation/username`

> Get the pod and it's members for a given user. The team returned will be the member's pod and not a secondary team such as CTF or any other team within the org.

Author: An apostrophe is used to show that it's posessed by someone/ has ownership. So I think a pod would own/posess it's members.
